util: add colorText method (#43371)
nodejs/node: doc/api/util.md

});
```

## `util.colorText(format, text)`

<!-- YAML

> added: v18.3.0

Reviewer: This is out of date. The following change will let it be set automatically during the release process.

```suggestion
added: REPLACEME
```

-->

> * `format` {string} A color format defined in `util.inspect.colors`.

Reviewer 2: Accepting `string | string[]` would be really helpful to e.g. make text both a certain color and underline/italic/bold/... at the same time

> * `format` {string} `format` one of the color format from `util.inspect.colors`

Reviewer: We should probably link `util.inspect.colors` to https://nodejs.org/api/util.html#customizing-utilinspect-colors.

> * `format` {string} `format` one of the color format from `util.inspect.colors`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `format` {string} A color format defined in `util.inspect.colors`.
```

> * `text` {string} The text you would like to color

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `text` {string} The text to color.
```

> * Returns: {string} colored text string

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Returns: {string} Colored text string.
```

> Takes `format` and `text` and retuns the colored text form

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Takes `format` and `text` and returns the colored text form
```

```js

> const util = require('node:util');

Reviewer: Can you remove this line. Otherwise we'll need to show the same example code for CJS and ESM.

console.log(util.colorText('red', 'This text shall be in red color'));

> // ^ '\u001b[31mThis text shall be in red color\u001b[39m'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// ^ '\u001b[31mThis text shall be colored red\u001b[39m'
```

Reviewer 3: s/shall be/is?
